Fix bug where we revoke cloudsqlsuperuser role from firebasesuperuser (#8363)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix bug in Auth emulator where accounts:lookup is case-sensitive for emails (#8344)
- firebase apphosting:secrets:grantAccess can now grant access to emails and can grant multiple secrets at once (#8357)
- firebase apphosting:secrets:set now has flows to help with test secrets (#8359)

> - Fix bug where we revoke cloudsqlsuperuser from firebasesuperuser (#8363)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `sql:setup` would incorrectly remove the `cloudsqlsuperuser` role from `firebasesuperuser` (#8363)
```
Did this only happen on setup? Or also on other deployments?

Author: On setup, it happened to use on deploy because it was the first deploy
